dmex
Feb 27, 2021

@Almighty188

The plugin was fixed.

What did Valve Corporation do?

They were permanently banning users from Steam after they used the terminator
since most options trigger VAC.

TP2 creates a remote thread with ExitProcess but remote threads are banned.
TT2 changes the remote thread context to ExitProcess but changing thread
    context is banned.
CH1 duplicates and closes remote handles but duplicating handles is banned.
TD1 enables debug mode and immediately closes the debug object terminating
    the process but debugging is banned.
M1 writes zeros to the entire process (memset) but writing anything to memory
   is banned.
M2 changes the memory access to NOACCESS but blocking memory access is banned.

It doesn't matter that a remote thread is created with the ExitProcess
address. Merely creating a thread triggered the bans without regard for the
purpose and it's the same problem with the other termination options.

There was zero consideration given to tools like Terminator that can only
terminate processes when they designed the anti-cheat so anything a third
party process was doing to their process would trigger VAC and get you banned.

If Valve were using the ObRegisterCallbacks function then none of this would
be an issue because those methods would be blocked and would not trigger those
cheating checks but they refuse to use that function (as other vendors have
done successfully) so we're in this position where the Terminator plugin had
to be archived just so users wouldn't get their accounts permanently banned
for trying to terminate their processes.

The other problem that caused this is related to faulty network drivers...
Processes that use socket connections can deadlock and never terminate or exit
because the network driver doesn't handle some network device IRPs correctly
and some users who were unable to terminate the process (Steam and/or games)
would then attempt to use the Terminator plugin - which would also fail
because of the hung IRP blocking process termination - but were immediately
banned from Steam.

None of the things they've done prevents or stops cheating. All they've done
instead is destroy tools like Terminator used to fight malware.